
Please follow the following guidelines on how to 
submit your homework #2 and what you should submit. 
First, some general rules for all homeworks:

 - please submit electronically on NYU Brightspace.

 - please submit everything in a gzipped tar file or 
   a zip file with a directory CONTAINING your files. 
   The directory should have the name "smith1" and 
   the tar file should have the name "smith1.tar" 
   if your last name is Smith and you are submitting
   your first homework. DO NOT SUBMIT rar files or
   other compressed archive formats. Only zip or tar. 

 - if your code has bugs or any features that are 
   missing, you should always DECLARE these as 
   described below. Bugs and problems that are 
   declared are graded much more leniently than
   bugs that I find myself. Also, disclose any
   libraries or other resources that you are using.

 - always provide the readme files described below.


Now the details on what to submit for the second 
homework. Note that in addition, there will also be
a demo - you should submit your material before the
demo, or at the latest by the evening of the demo day. 
In particular, submit:
 
 - Your well commented source code

 - a readme.txt file in ascii format with a list of
   the files in your submission and what they do, 
   and with a short description on how to compile 
   and run your program (meaning of input parameters, 
   any configuration files etc). Also, point out any 
   limitations on parameters when running your code.

 - a 10-15 page paper (written in Word or Latex or similar) explaining
   what your program can do, how it works internally, how long it takes
   on the provided data set and how large the resulting index files are, what limitations it has, and
   what the major functions and modules are. The paper should be readable to a generic computer
   scientist who knows what an inverted index is, but otherwise does not know much about search
   engines.

A demo schedule will be announced later, where you will be 
able to choose a demo slot from a set of available slots.
